So we added our routes for the edit component.
Now let's go to that component and retrieve the ID and therefore determine whether we are in edit mode
or not.
I will inject de-activated route in there as you learn before from an angler router and an engine in
it.
This is a good place to now retrieve d id ask before I want to do this dynamically.
So I will use my route and the parables observable and subscribe to that.
And here I will receive my parents which are of type parents and here I don't want to retrieve the ID
on which I'm currently working.
I will store the ID here in a property named or not named named ID but of type number.
So so here will set this ID equal to plus to converted into a number Perens ID because that's the name
of our dynamic parameter in our route's it up right.
With that we retrieve that ID here.
But I also want to find out whether I'm editing the recipe or creating a new one.
I actually want to store does information in a new property added mode.
Maybe also that to fall initially.
So initially could say we assume that we are creating a new recipe.
We are not in edit mode.
Now I will check this whenever the parameters change.
Then I will assign a new value to edit mode.
And here I will simply assign the value of the following check.
I want to see if parens has an id property so if it has one then this will actually be a string with
the ID otherwise it will be undefined.
So by comparing it to null and checking if it is not null I'm checking.
Does it have the ID because parents and that their ID ID will only be not undefined if we are in edit
mode because then an idea will be present.
If this check returns true.
So if the ID indeed is undefined and therefore equal to null This will return false because I'm checking
the opposite and therefore we are in new mode and we can check this by simply logging it in the console
here added mode.
Let's see if this works we're at 0 edit your and it returns true.
And now we're at new Android returns false.
So that seems to work.
This is a nice way of checking in which mode we are.
So if we are able to retrieve the idea of the element we want to edit and to find out whether we are
in an edit mode or not.
Now I want to make this added link your work and a new recipe link because these are both things which
are not working as of now.
Let's work on this next.
And actually this is a nice challenge for you make these links work.
Make sure that when we click this link or this button we get taken to the recipe's new page or the recipes
edit page for their respective recipe we had loaded.
It's a nice challenge for you in the next lecture we can view my solution to Gebre